docs: add security policy (#837)
canonical/rockcraft: SECURITY.md

# Security policy

## Rockcraft and rocks

Rockcraft is a tool that generates rocks, which are OCI container images. Rocks are
typically composed of Ubuntu software and application-specific code, and as such they

> are susceptible to security issues and vulnerabilities. Authors should always maintain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are susceptible to security issues and vulnerabilities. Authors should always keep
```

their rocks updated, but a security vulnerability on a rock is not considered an issue
with Rockcraft itself, and should be reported to the rock's maintainer.

> ## Build isolation

Reviewer: This section seems like a good candidate for upstreaming. Thoughts @medubelko @mr-cal ?

Reviewer 2: I agree with the idea but the wording will need to be massaged.

In typical operation, Rockcraft makes use of tools like [LXD] and [Multipass] to create
isolated build environments. Rockcraft itself provides no extra security, relying on

> the tools themselves to ensure proper sandboxing. Security issues identified on these
> build environments should be reported to the corresponding project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
these tools to provide secure sandboxing. The security of these build environments
are the responsibility of these tools and should be reported to their respective
project maintainers.
```
